Network not available. Please make sure you are connected to the Internet and try again.
Connection failed. Please try again.
Your Internet Connection is slow.
Lost Internet Connection
Unauthorized User
Logging in, please wait...
Loading, please wait...
Connecting people across world
Access ID
Password
I Accept Terms and Conditions
Login
If you\'re facing any problem, feel free to
Contact Us
Please accept terms and condition to continue
Empty access id and password
Wrong access id and password
Access ID cannot be greater than 10 digits
Password cannot be smaller than 6 digits
This user is already logged in on a different device
Login failed
FAQ
Change Language
History
Help-Center
Share
Logout
Time
EXPIRED
DAY
Date
Conference Room Name
Upcoming
Ongoing
Both
All
Slide left/right to view other
Select Conference Room
Expired
Reminder already added
This group is not yet scheduled.
No calendars found. Please ensure at least one google account has been added.
Error adding reminder
No calendar account selected
Refresh Failed. Try again.
Select a calendar account
FAQ\'s
Expand All
Collapse All
What is KENANTE?
KENANTE is a Virtual Interaction tool that makes it possible for you to connect with your consumers, wherever they might be, instantaneously over a Video Call
What is the process of using this application?
Once the app is installed from play store, you need to enter your credentials and log-in. You then need to join the respective scheduled meeting.
Is KENANTTE available on iOS, Android or Web?
Yes, it is available all the platforms.
Country where does KENANTE support?
Kenante is available across the globe
What are the minimum requirements to use KENANTE APP?
You need to have smart phone with 3G /4G network connection. For Android, it should be at least 4.4 Kitkat OS. For iOS, it should be greater than 10. For Web, it should be supporting the latest version of Chrome, Firefox or Safari.
I haven’t received my logging-in credentials yet. What should I do?
Please reach out to Kenante Help Desk for assistance.
How will I get to know when a new meeting is scheduled for me?
You will get a notification on your app as well as an e-mail from Team Kenante.
I am facing problems with signing-in. Please suggest the way ahead.
You should contact the Help Desk.
What should I do when the video is not audible? Earphone/ Helpdesk
We recommend using the earphones. If the issue is still not resolved, please contact the Help Desk.
The quality of audio/video is not good. What should I do?
Please check your internet connection. It is possibly an internet issue.
I have mistakenly dropped out of the meeting. Please let me know, how do I re-join.
You need to go back to your meeting screen and re-join the call.
My chat messages are not getting delivered. What should be done?
Please check your internet connection. It is possibly an internet issue.
I am not able to view the image/video shared by the moderator. What should I do?
Please check your internet connection. It is possibly an internet issue.
I haven’t received my logging-in credentials yet. What should I do?
Please reach out to Kenante Help Desk for assistance.
Respondent Details
Age
SEC
Gender
User
Key Instructions:
Please make sure you have a good smart phone with battery charged.
Please make sure you are at a place with minimum of 4G internet.
Earphones are recommended for the call.
Earphones are recommended for the call. Please make sure that your phone camera is not directed straight towards light and your face is clearly visible.
Join
No users present to chat
First close screen sharing
You can only hear moderator and respondent.
You can only hear translator.
Wired headset plugged in
Your Conference session may get closed due to bad Internet Connection.
Connecting your call
Rejoining you to call. This may take around 30 seconds.
You are already on call with some other device.
You got disconnected from call. Rejoining you to call.
Closing call...
No Chat with this user
Failed Loading Image
Wrong password
You have cut this call. To join conference session kindly start it clicking the green button on top.
Error occurred. Try calling manually.
Facing Issue
Write your problem
Unsupported Format
File sent
Try again
You need to grant all these permissions to continue.
To continue you need to allow recording permission
Video finished
Error occurred While Playing Video
Error occurred. Try creating this group again.
Note
Your audio and video may be recorded and seen by others.
Cancel
Okay
Yes
No
Terms and Conditions
Attended
Starting call. Please wait...
moderator
respondent
translator
client
admin
T recorder
No Internet access...
Please check internet
settings
No groups exist
Add Group
Enter text
Please wait!
None of the members have joined the conference yet.
Users on call
Brief
Brief Request
Can\'t upload this file.